Dr Katrina Groves: Hi, Joe. This is Katrina groves, sorry about that last zoom room glitch out. I had to do my regular 1-522-649-3217 again this is April 11
Dr Katrina Groves: Saturday history and physicals and two people that I know well from Durham, North there's published care with me.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't know why I can't see the zoom room number anymore. When I look up there, huh.
Charles Clausing: Sorry about that, Braveheart just called me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I was having trouble with the room for some reason they
Dr Katrina Groves: Switch the room on me. So we're all learning. This is all new
Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so this is going to be just about hopefully half hour. I just want to get every all the
Dr Katrina Groves: History and everything done. Are you in a private place you can talk
Charles Clausing: Now I am
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, where are you staying now Charles
Charles Clausing: Um, I live at the apartments behind Walmart, but my girlfriend has worked today so I bring them over to my parents house.
Charles Clausing: Oh, the kids. Yeah, my kid. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You could still have just one right
Charles Clausing: Yeah, still just one
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, so, um, I just want to take you from the beginning. And I know you've gone through this before, but it's sort of like
Dr Katrina Groves: Pretend I'm a new doctor and I don't know your story tell me from the beginning when you started having issues with substances, was it, you know, eight years old with alcohol or nine years old with pot or just kind of take me through your, your history.
Charles Clausing: Like
Charles Clausing: Probably like
Damn.
Charles Clausing: I started smoking weed and like, and that was the first thing in like, fuck. Sorry. In
Charles Clausing: When I was like 1413 or 1413
Charles Clausing: And then I went to I smoke weed whatever I drink from that age as well. So it was pot and lead at 14
Charles Clausing: And
Charles Clausing: Math was after that that was like 15 to
Charles Clausing: Age 15 to
Charles Clausing: Almost 19
Charles Clausing: And that was like almost like an everyday thing.
Charles Clausing: But there will be points where I would stop like doing math for a while.
Charles Clausing: For like, you know, a month or two and then I would just go back to it, but it was like pretty much steady that whole time.
Charles Clausing: And then it maintain I got into like research chemicals like they altered the drug by like one carbon atom or whatever. And then it's legal, and they can sell it online. It's like a gray area.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow.
Charles Clausing: But I got into those really bad.
Charles Clausing: That was like 19 and then I got into heroin right after that.
Charles Clausing: And then I stopped doing that at like age, I did it for a year, about, about a year.
Charles Clausing: Year and some change.
Charles Clausing: And that, that's pretty much it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then during that time. Did you ever feel like GI I want out. I want to quit or were you just happy as a clam through all that
Charles Clausing: Throughout all of it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. During all you're used to Jerry feel like, wow, I'm in trouble. I should get some help, or go into detox or
Charles Clausing: Um,
Charles Clausing: Well for heroin. Yeah, but everything else. I was like I was good.
Charles Clausing: To go anywhere like for method. I mean, I still smoke and drink every once in a while, but for method I didn't
Charles Clausing: Do any inpatient things or anything like that.
Charles Clausing: Wasn't
Dr Katrina Groves: The heroin.
Charles Clausing: Yeah, I needed to join the Suboxone group.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you do any other before you came to us. Did you do any detox any place else or groups or rehabs
Charles Clausing: No, no, this is the first one.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, great. Um, any, did you have any severe withdrawals or overdoses like that ended up in the hospital.
Charles Clausing: Oh, no, no. I hadn't
Dr Katrina Groves: You're lucky.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: So going I'm your doctor at the clinic is who
Charles Clausing: I don't have a doctor at the clinic, I have a primary care and is it's Kevin Caldwell.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, that's right. Dr. Caldwell, and are you, do you have any medical problems. I got your other chart open here, which is why you see me looking to the left.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't see any other
Dr Katrina Groves: Other medications that you're taking from him. He used to take sand and add a banner.
Dr Katrina Groves: But you haven't taken that in a long time.
Charles Clausing: No, I haven't taken that for quite a few months. Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: What do you think your anxiety was about and why is it better.
Charles Clausing: I don't know, really, I just felt like I was just blowing up issues that I didn't need to.
Charles Clausing: And there was just overthinking stuff and that I get to, and I, I realized I couldn't control a lot of it so might as well just live with it.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's really good, especially in today's environment, right, like we can't control the virus. So he has just one to live with it.
Charles Clausing: Right. I've been thinking like I've been at my house or at my apartment with my girlfriend and where I just like I just keep pacing around. And I'm like, fuck, I need to take an advantage or like, you know, I'm just like, do I really
Charles Clausing: But I have like, especially now like
Charles Clausing: I'm sure you're going to get to that. But I've been having cravings lately for like for math not opiates. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Go ahead and tell me about that right now.
Charles Clausing: I just feel like, because I have unlimited time on my hands, but I still have responsibility, so I can't you know
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. So what happened and limited time. You mean, you're not working right now.
Charles Clausing: Yeah, I asked for a month off of work because my parents are elderly, my dad 72 and my mom 60
Charles Clausing: And they both have varying health issues.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're still living with them and then do you see
Dr Katrina Groves: The foresee that in the future.
Charles Clausing: Um, we might move out of our apartment, just because of how things are right now.
Charles Clausing: Because this is her first day working in a month, almost like this is her first day back at work. That's why I'm here because she likes me to watch our kid here.
Charles Clausing: And I like to bring them here to
Charles Clausing: Let them see my parents.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, of course.
Dr Katrina Groves: So yeah, with the virus and it's come up a lot in different groups as far as how long this goes on and how, how do we restructure our lives because this may not just be coming and going in a few weeks. You know, this may be here for months and
Dr Katrina Groves: And
Dr Katrina Groves: Have you thought about, you know, long term.
Dr Katrina Groves: Maybe your parents are probably are they okay on their own. Can they live on their own and just have people drop food and stuff at their door and and isolate them.
Yeah.
Charles Clausing: Yeah, I think so.
Dr Katrina Groves: I worry about, like you said when you don't have a job and you don't have anything to do. And then you've got your brain going, it can be pretty hard not to go use it brings up all those triggers.
Charles Clausing: It really does.
Charles Clausing: What
Dr Katrina Groves: What are you doing now besides pacing the room to get your brain out of there.
Charles Clausing: By just play with my sign or just hanging out with people.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's a good one.
Charles Clausing: Because I knew, I knew if I was high. I couldn't be able to do that. Like, I would just want to do something else or like my main priority. You want to be my son.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and you lost him for how long.
Charles Clausing: What was that
Dr Katrina Groves: You lost your son. I mean you didn't lose him lose him through CPS but your
Dr Katrina Groves: Your old girlfriend took him.
Dr Katrina Groves: For how long
Charles Clausing: Oh, that was because we had I got
Charles Clausing: arrested for domestic violence or whatever it was just a hair pulling match. I mean, I'm not downplaying it shouldn't have happened. But our one of our neighbors, called the police. So, of course, they had do something about it.
Charles Clausing: That was
Charles Clausing: around Christmas of
Dr Katrina Groves: That was, was that drug related at all.
Charles Clausing: Or no, is it
Dr Katrina Groves: The anger wasn't
Charles Clausing: Mostly
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, that that councils of drug
Charles Clausing: Was
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm losing your video a little sometimes a video will go off and on. And if that happens just ignore it. And if we get cut off just call back
Dr Katrina Groves: For you move into a different spot.
Charles Clausing: Oh no, my mom has these things that she plugs into the wall that scared the rats and it makes like my audio mess up.
Charles Clausing: It's like an electric electromagnetic
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I know is the rats.
Charles Clausing: Don't like to like fall by the wires. I don't know, it's weird.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So speaking of a resounding weird
Dr Katrina Groves: Speaking of your parents do they have any history of substance abuse, like alcohol.
Dr Katrina Groves: Drugs of any kind.
Charles Clausing: I'm Lisa drink when I was a kid, but I don't know the extent to their past.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you know about though if your mom or dad have high blood pressure or heart disease or diabetes or any other medical problems.
Charles Clausing: My dad well
Charles Clausing: He used to have to pay for him and but he doesn't have to anymore but
Charles Clausing: His blood. He's like pre diabetic or something. I think that's what it is. And my mom is diabetic.
Charles Clausing: And my
Dr Katrina Groves: Grandma is diabetic.
Dr Katrina Groves: Anybody brothers or sisters Charles
Charles Clausing: Yeah, I have two sisters
Dr Katrina Groves: And how it. How is their health. They have substance problems or other medical problems.
I'm
Charles Clausing: Not really. I mean,
Charles Clausing: I think there was some mental issues. But as far as that like like physical health. I don't think anything's wrong.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. So were you ever in the hospital for any reason yourself like, did you have any surgeries appendix gallbladder broken leg.
No.
Dr Katrina Groves: And
You
Charles Clausing: Never really
Dr Katrina Groves: And you don't have any other medical problems like high blood pressure, direct yourself.
Charles Clausing: Oh, my mom has died hyperthyroid to
Charles Clausing: Okay, blood pressure, I'm not sure.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Charles Clausing: No. But no, I do not have any problems myself now.
Dr Katrina Groves: And the only medicine, you're taking right now is just the Suboxone and the eight to eight films. Yeah, and three a day.
Charles Clausing: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And when's your next prescription do
Like now.
Charles Clausing: I have like
Charles Clausing: I have like nine or 10 left
Charles Clausing: So about. I mean, if you could call it in. Now that would be perfect.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. What I'm trying to do is have you join our groups online like this. It's kind of like Tony's group. Same people you'll just see him up in the little picture windows instead of in person.
Dr Katrina Groves: But I was going to give you a choice of what works better for you and your family would it be a Thursday morning at 10 or a Monday night at 530
Charles Clausing: Um, well, since I'm not working right now. Monday night at 530 would be good.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let me put you down here for that. And you said you have nine or 10 left. So, today's the 11th 236
Charles Clausing: I'm 12 left
Dr Katrina Groves: And the journey takes on this morning.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. So, how many do you take in the morning.
Charles Clausing: I take one in the morning, I will take to it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so why don't I have you joined this Monday night at 530 ish. It's the same routine, you get on the virtual clinic and they takes a while to check people in and we have like quite a few people tomorrow.
Dr Katrina Groves: So if I were you. Do what you did today, get on like half an hour sooner than you need to plug in your phone, go do something else come back, you know, around 545 is when the group starts
Charles Clausing: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's a
Charles Clausing: check in at like 510
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah five 510 515 something like that and make sure your phone's plugged in.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what I'll do is then I'll prescribe your medications on that day so that we get the day that your meds are prescribed is the day that you're seeing in the clinic.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or in in Bret Hart. So are you still seeing, Tony. Are you going to their groups.
Charles Clausing: Every once in a while. I haven't gone for like two or three weeks.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I know they're not in person, but she's got video ones going on. Did you know about that.
Charles Clausing: No, I haven't. No, no, no. I didn't know about that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, she's got them going several days a week. And do you have her text you call her.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So Facebook HER AND SAY, TONY Hey, I heard that you've got groups.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because I think right now, when people are really isolated and everybody's got a lot of virus questions. It's really good to keep track of each other. It helps your recovery a lot to be connected instead of just isolated in your own head.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. So if you can reach out to Tony and do some groups with her during the week.
Dr Katrina Groves: Where, where, where were you working, where you at the mill yet or
Charles Clausing: Oh no, not yet.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's your goal, right.
Charles Clausing: Yes, my it's either that or three star logging. I want to try logging with one of my friends.
Wow.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm glad you're a young man and your back is OK. But where A BACK BRACE. I'll tell ya.
Charles Clausing: Yeah, and a hard hat.
Dr Katrina Groves: So Charles any out any allergies of medications like penicillin or anything.
Charles Clausing: amoxicillin. And I think penicillin.
Dr Katrina Groves: What happens when you take those
Charles Clausing: I just get hives.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh that's not good. All right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let's see. Oh.
Charles Clausing: And to answer your question before I work at wild your pizza in Brookings
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, that's right. Wild River.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you were saying you're like a kind of liked it but kind of not you're looking for more of a career job.
Charles Clausing: Yeah, and more.
Dr Katrina Groves: pays better. Yeah, yeah. Alright, so let me take you through some head to toe things will be done soon. This is just like a physical I can't touch you. I can't listen to your heart and your lungs, because I'm not there, but I can ask you how things are for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Where's my review system. So in the past week or two. Have you had any Fevers or chills.
Charles Clausing: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any night sweats, or cold intolerance.
Charles Clausing: No. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any weight gain or weight loss, you're worried about
Charles Clausing: Um, I actually, I had like, like a weird strep throat thing going on about a month ago.
Charles Clausing: I didn't really eat for the whole, like, that's when I stopped smoking weed. I think I mentioned it to you about
Charles Clausing: Yeah, it was like a weird strep thing and i i didn't eat as much. I didn't really eat anything. All I was eating was like Ritz crackers and like bananas.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow.
Charles Clausing: And I lost like
Charles Clausing: 15 pounds in a week.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that got better though, and now you're okay.
Charles Clausing: Yeah, I haven't weighed myself sense but
Charles Clausing: I weighed myself at the clinic because Daria was like what the heck like did you relapse.
Charles Clausing: Just didn't say like, you know, and I weighed myself and I was like 167
Charles Clausing: I was supposed to be like 180
Charles Clausing: Wow, so it's like 10 or 15 pounds in a week or like a week and a half, but you
Charles Clausing: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Some people at home that they're getting there. They get some weights at home, they start lifting try to think of things you can do around the house that you can set up like a routine for yourself like you would at the gym. Would that be something that you would be able to do or
Charles Clausing: Yeah, I mean, that could be like that could also be something for me and my girlfriend to do is really struggling to find stuff.
Charles Clausing: So maybe we can make something
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I like that. That's a good idea.
Dr Katrina Groves: So any trouble with constant
Dr Katrina Groves: Memory loss or concentration problems.
Charles Clausing: Oh, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you said you had a sore throat. Are you having a cough or wheeze or shortness of breath right now.
I'm
Charles Clausing: Know, I have a little cough, but I don't have a sore throat right now. That was like when I was sick.
Charles Clausing: With the ship. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And in any chest pain or pressure or heart palpitations.
Charles Clausing: Now,
Charles Clausing: I have been noticing one thing at night.
Charles Clausing: When I lay down
Charles Clausing: Sometimes it. I can't tell if it's my lungs or if it's my stomach. It feels like something's rumbling right right about like it like top of my rib cage.
Charles Clausing: Um, my ribcage. Like I just can't tell what it is.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is it her like like heartburn.
Charles Clausing: No, it doesn't hurt. It just rumbles in like it feels like it's vibrating is weird.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, but you're not short of breath with it and you're not like your heart's not pounding out of your chest or anything.
Charles Clausing: No, nothing like that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Okay. Are you eating late at night. Right, right. Before you lay down
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's time try not to do that.
Charles Clausing: I know it's like one of my biggest things I know it's really bad to do
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: It is hard because
Dr Katrina Groves: It's making your stomach. You take this big wad of food and then you're dumping it in there and then you're laying down and so your stomach is wanting to sleep, not to have to digest all that food so
Charles Clausing: Right, right.
Charles Clausing: Yeah, my girlfriend always using cracker used to give me crap about it.
Dr Katrina Groves: As
Dr Katrina Groves: Much anymore. Yeah, well you know you're an adult, you're going to do it, you're going to do, but you might feel better if you try to drop the amount of food you're eating a little bit and and wait another hour stay up and watch a movie or play a video game some
Dr Katrina Groves: So besides that, do you have any vomiting with it or nausea or constipation or diarrhea.
Charles Clausing: Um, no, no. Any
Dr Katrina Groves: Any blood in your stool when you poop.
Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any tremors or seizures.
Charles Clausing: Oh, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: And do you get vertigo dizziness or headaches.
Charles Clausing: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And how's your mental status, other than the cravings, like you said, do you feel what's your mood like
Charles Clausing: I'm good. I think I feel good.
Charles Clausing: Okay. So, wait, wait, sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: Not depression, anxiety, suicidal thoughts.
Charles Clausing: Um, little bit of anxiety. Every once in a while, I
Charles Clausing: Just because everything going on but
Charles Clausing: Right, I haven't had like
Dr Katrina Groves: You haven't had a panic attack.
Charles Clausing: Yeah, I haven't had anything like that in a while.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what are your coping skills you remember from Tony's groups about anxiety. I mean, you're probably already doing them and you don't know it. Like, what do you do to get out of that space in your head.
Charles Clausing: Oh,
Charles Clausing: I tried to take my mind off like I just switch my
Charles Clausing: Focus and
Charles Clausing: I don't know, I just
Charles Clausing: I breathed sometimes like good
Charles Clausing: Do you do used to come in and talk to us right
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, Rick.
Charles Clausing: Yeah.
Charles Clausing: He showed us a breathing exercise that actually helps like I was making fun of it in there. Yeah, I got you know I didn't take it serious and I had something had been labeled in through the nose, out through the mouth. No.
And that helped
Dr Katrina Groves: That stuff helps. We did. That's great. Um, do you still work on your coins. Your. How is that hobby going
Charles Clausing: Good. I just found a great in my pocket right now.
Charles Clausing: I just found a
Charles Clausing: 1961 Canadian Penny and my change the other day.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh.
Dr Katrina Groves: You are so lucky. Those things like find you. I think you're a magnet.
Dr Katrina Groves: Copper magnet.
Right.
Charles Clausing: I wish I was a silver magnet.
Charles Clausing: Silver is not magnetic or neither is copper so
Dr Katrina Groves: True. It's not okay, I get the point.
Dr Katrina Groves: You get it.
Charles Clausing: All right.
Dr Katrina Groves: So do you have any questions for me. Um,
Dr Katrina Groves: As far as how bright hurts going to work.
Charles Clausing: A lot of them were answered in group because I thought that I wasn't going to have you as a doctor, I knew I was going to have you as a doctor, but I didn't know that I didn't want to see a bunch of random people
Charles Clausing: But then they told me that it's all going to be Tiffany I think it was Tiffany Borden who is like random people. What are you talking about
Charles Clausing: Like what, and then she said how everyone can group is going to be our Tony took over and told me how everyone in group that I see now is going to be in the online ones.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, exactly.
Charles Clausing: That took a lot of my
Charles Clausing: Worries away.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good and yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: Please do Facebook Tony today. Your homework is two things, Facebook, Tony and find out when are the meetings that she's having because she's doing them like Tuesday. I don't know what her days are
Dr Katrina Groves: And then me you'll see me on Monday at 530 ish come early and then that's when I'll do your prescription what pharmacy. Are you at the trials in case I forget to ask
Charles Clausing: Um, I am at CVS and if there's a problem at CVS. Let's do a Walgreens.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's hard for me to know I'll just probably do CVS and then if they don't have it, you'll have to call Tony and tell her to switch it or something.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. How often are they out
Charles Clausing: Um,
Charles Clausing: They have problems every light maybe third script. You know, like
Charles Clausing: 30% of the time.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So bright heart will also want you to be doing lab work. I don't know if they've called you yet. But they're going to want you to go to the clinic.
Dr Katrina Groves: Tell them for sure you want to do the clinic not Sutter coast hospital and have them. They'll send over an order for you to get your blood drawn and it's just routine stuff like I haven't. I did it on you when you first came in, I think,
Charles Clausing: Right. Yeah, it was like have hepatitis and HIV and like metabolic and
Charles Clausing: Yeah function and stuff.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah livers. Important to and and blood chemistry is and all that. I mean, you're only. What are you 22 now.
Charles Clausing: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're likely not to have too much trouble but
Dr Katrina Groves: It's good to just do that and then they're going to send you a urine cup in the mail. So, give them a mailing address if you don't want it to go to your parents. I don't know what to open
Dr Katrina Groves: It. It'll be a discrete package and when you get it, you call them up and you say, hey, I've got the urine.
Dr Katrina Groves: Then they'll explain to you how to do it. Don't just open it yourself because they want to be able to show you and and have you on camera while you're doing it. And you don't have to pee in front of them.
Charles Clausing: I did it yesterday.
Dr Katrina Groves: You already did.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: How to go
Charles Clausing: And we good
Charles Clausing: They said to fill it up halfway and then I came out like kinda like embarrassed. I was like, I couldn't get it halfway and they're like, oh, that's fine. It'll work.
Charles Clausing: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: The bright heart. People are really cool. And I'm really glad that we're doing this with the virus thing we've got this option so
Charles Clausing: Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right.
Charles Clausing: It seems like you guys timed it perfectly to because of everything going on like
Dr Katrina Groves: It was a totally an accident or it was a God thing. I don't know which
Charles Clausing: Right divine intervention. Yep.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, Charles. Good talking to you. Thanks for spending your Saturday and give that little boy some kisses and hugs.
Charles Clausing: To you.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Bye.
Charles Clausing: Hi.
Dr Katrina Groves: What's your name,
Charles Clausing: What's your name,
Charles Clausing: To
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh,
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: He's a keeper. So, um, I got somebody else waiting, so I will let you go and see you on Monday.
Charles Clausing: You
Dr Katrina Groves: Want to say no.
Dr Katrina Groves: No problem. See you later.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. Bye bye.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, sorry. Such a curse so on on Charles classing his diagnosis would be opioid use dependence severe in remission cannabis dependence moderate
Dr Katrina Groves: And methamphetamine abuse.
Dr Katrina Groves: Was cannabis users currently ongoing methamphetamine abuse.
Dr Katrina Groves: Severe in remission.
Dr Katrina Groves: And he, a little bit of anxiety, but I wouldn't he doesn't qualify for the DSM four criteria. So I'm not adding that specifically
Dr Katrina Groves: Is his pharmacies Walgreens. Oh no, sorry. His pharmacies CDs and his Suboxone is eight milligrams three a day and I will prescribe it to him when he comes to group on Monday, the 13th, which was getting really crowded.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are we waiting for my other patient. Thanks.
Dr Katrina Groves: There you are.
Dr Katrina Groves: So Tamra I see your name. I can't hear you. Yet, and I can't see you, yet but you work on that.
Dr Katrina Groves: There's usually a little button on the bottom of your phone.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hello.
Dr Katrina Groves: I see you now.
Dr Katrina Groves: But I can't hear you.
Tamara Von mauw: She said she was going to call she was there she is. Hi, can you hear me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I can hear you now.
Tamara Von mauw: Oh, finally, we always forget that audio card would not even push it. Oh, it didn't give him enough time to push it. This phone is not the best thing in the world. And we're up in the boonies
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, you know what, it's working now. So let's take advantage of it.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, it is. Hi. I haven't seen you in so long. I miss you.
Dr Katrina Groves: I miss you to
Tamara Von mauw: Where are you being
Dr Katrina Groves: Where I'm good. Where are you right now.
Tamara Von mauw: I'm in my bedroom.
Dr Katrina Groves: And who's that with you.
Tamara Von mauw: My boyfriend, Steve.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, hi be
Tamara Von mauw: high fever. Oh, he said hello
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. So we're just going to go over maybe about a half hour of stuff to get you intake to the system.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have any
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have any more private place or is everything that you say going to be in front of him. Some people like
Tamara Von mauw: FINE. IT'S FINE. He can talk. We can talk in front of him.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Whoops, you're moving
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, he said that it was okay so he can watch TV.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, that might be better.
Tamara Von mauw: Privacy is always better said, Yeah.
You're gonna be a half an hour.
Tamara Von mauw: There we go. Now we're in the living room.
Dr Katrina Groves: Awesome. I'm so glad you made this way.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm sorry about last time I guess there was some kind of glitch so
Tamara Von mauw: What I found out is when it comes to this phone to get this video through
Tamara Von mauw: I have turned
Tamara Von mauw: Completely off and then turn it back on and then not don't touch it or do anything to it until after this is over with and then went through.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, we got it. So this is just an intake process and it's like you're going to have to pretend like I'm a new doctor I don't only think about you. So I'm going to ask questions that I already know, but I have to ask you, anyway. Okay.
Tamara Von mauw: No problem.
Dr Katrina Groves: And we're going to start from the beginning, which is like, how old were you when you first started using any substance at all like
Tamara Von mauw: When I was about six or about 15 or 16 I started drinking became an alcoholic. By the time I was 20
Tamara Von mauw: And drugs started them when I was about 21 and was doing cocaine then started doing math still drinking and then I'm when I was about 2022
Tamara Von mauw: I stopped drinking and stopped doing cocaine, but I kept doing the math. And I did that until about 10 years ago. And then I stopped that. And I haven't touched it since.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow 10 years clean. That's great.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, and I did it on my own. I wasn't a snorter are a smoker of it. Some people that smoke it or that put it in the veins.
Tamara Von mauw: They become more immune are more addicted to it. Then I started it, and I never had any withdrawal symptoms at all getting off of it. I just had to stay away from the people who did it.
Tamara Von mauw: And I was fine.
Dr Katrina Groves: So when, when did the pills come into play.
Tamara Von mauw: That I was about 30
Tamara Von mauw: I will know what yeah I was in my late 30s, probably around 38
Tamara Von mauw: Was I when
Dr Katrina Groves: I left the elevator.
Tamara Von mauw: Uh huh, or off the ladder.
Tamara Von mauw: Ladder. Yeah, that's when I fell off the ladder and I did it for five years, maybe more, and when I got into your program is when I stopped.
Dr Katrina Groves: And and they had a confirmed a fracture of your spine.
Tamara Von mauw: Uh, I'm not sure if they did or not. It's like, I don't really have any back problems. I don't know where that came from.
Dr Katrina Groves: Lucky but falling off the ladder. What made them give you pain.
Tamara Von mauw: Oh I I broke my leg.
Tamara Von mauw: And I broke my tailbone.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, that's right.
Tamara Von mauw: As they
Tamara Von mauw: They gave me only a week's worth, but unfortunately a week is all it takes to get hooked on those things.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, which really sucks.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so you went from getting it from the doctor to getting it on the street.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did it ever put you in the hospital, like in withdrawals or
Dr Katrina Groves: Any overdoses.
Dr Katrina Groves: No. Okay.
Tamara Von mauw: And you never be I only took
Tamara Von mauw: 10 milligrams a day that was all. I took. Basically, I took it to keep from getting sick.
Tamara Von mauw: That's it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And did you never went to heroin then right
Dr Katrina Groves: No. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how are you
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you weren't ever had. He didn't ever have to go into detox or in anything like
Tamara Von mauw: Going into detox when I stopped drinking
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh,
Tamara Von mauw: I went into detox. Then I spent a month in detox going through withdrawals and DTS.
Tamara Von mauw: Wow, I was a heavy drinker. I drink tequila. Like it was water and
Tamara Von mauw: I carried a flask with me everywhere. My mother called me a sober drunk.
Tamara Von mauw: Because I could be drunk or in a skunk and do everything perfectly, but when I sobered up my hands started shaking so bad and I got so sick. I couldn't do nothing.
Tamara Von mauw: But that was the only time I was in rehab the rest of the time is
Tamara Von mauw: I just did it on my own.
Dr Katrina Groves: And did rehab work for you. Like when you were 22 when you stopped alcohol. Was that the last time you drank.
Tamara Von mauw: Yes, it is.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow. So you've got, like, how old are you,
Tamara Von mauw: I'm 59 on the 14th.
Dr Katrina Groves: So that's like over 30 years of off of alcohol.
Tamara Von mauw: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good for you.
Tamara Von mauw: I don't like the taste of it anymore. And I don't like being drunk at it makes me dizzy kids like I didn't like it. So I tried a couple of hits or shots when i right after I got out of a detox, but it wasn't, it wasn't worth it. So I stopped.
Dr Katrina Groves: Detox worked. Yea.
Tamara Von mauw: Yea did
Dr Katrina Groves: So now you're on the sub self correct
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, and the milligrams. Are they okay for you.
Tamara Von mauw: There. Perfect. I get 5.7 I think it is milligrams. Yeah.
Tamara Von mauw: And I'm take I have
Tamara Von mauw: My script is for two a day but I'm trying to cut back on. I'm so I'm taking one of those two breaking it and a half and only kicking one and a half of it.
Dr Katrina Groves: How is that to break it in half. It's a crumbly kind of pill.
Tamara Von mauw: No, it doesn't. Crumble at all. I can break it in half, no problem.
Dr Katrina Groves: But it's not scored right it doesn't have a line down the middle.
Tamara Von mauw: There's no score on it. Interesting.
Dr Katrina Groves: So the last time we talked or a few times before this, you are pretty stressed out.
Dr Katrina Groves: It was either pain or anxiety or depression and you actually wanted more and more and more as of self. So what has made
Dr Katrina Groves: The switch of you wanting less. Now what happened day
Tamara Von mauw: Typically, I'm Dr. Claw Pearson gave me my closet. Pam.
Tamara Von mauw: And I take a half a milligram or yeah it's one milligram I kick a half a milligram a day. And that's been helping with the anxiety and the depression.
Dr Katrina Groves: Great. I can't, I can't believe that happened. I mean, I can't believe he gave it to you.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah you did. I we made a deal that if I cut back on my absolved he would leave my inbox on the law or my calls Pam alone, but he's already cut me back from 27 to 25 and this
Tamara Von mauw: I get to keep my 25 but next month. We're going to cut back some more so.
Tamara Von mauw: Okay, I'm gonna try to talk to him and see if he'll let me just stay on it until I get off the subs all completely because
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Tamara Von mauw: Because a lot of times you know i i just need it. It's like, I need my sub ball. I can feel the sickness coming on.
Tamara Von mauw: Right, yeah. I'm trying my best to just do the one and a half a day.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's really good. That's really good. And I think sometimes too.
Dr Katrina Groves: Especially with the virus thing and being isolated and having a lot of fear and worry now is not the best time really to try to taper people from things so
Dr Katrina Groves: That may like hold them that when he asked me when he said he was going to cut it back.
Tamara Von mauw: I said, Could you please just leave it where it is for right now. I said, with all the crud going on. I'm still feeling really anxious and anxiety. So, and he said he weighed in a month before we cut back again, but I'm
Tamara Von mauw: It's still going on. And I'm still isolated. It's like I, if I may have to talk him into letting me have a little
Tamara Von mauw: A little longer.
Dr Katrina Groves: Mm hmm. Okay. And and sub solve to you is kind of like a
Dr Katrina Groves: I mean, you may need it very low dose but but you're going to find that sweet spot, you know, eventually
Tamara Von mauw: What I'm looking for right now, if I take the one and a half.
Tamara Von mauw: Some days it works fine. And I have no problems and then other days, all of a sudden in the middle of the night I'll wake up and I'll have that nausea feeling
Tamara Von mauw: I start getting the anxiety and feeling like I'm going to throw up. So I take one rule. The other half that I've saved for that day, I'll take that and brings it down to normal.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm looking, I'm actually looking at your other computer screen, which is why I've got this one on the the Tonys computer
Dr Katrina Groves: So are there other medicines, you have asthma. Yes.
Tamara Von mauw: No, I have COPD.
Dr Katrina Groves: COPD and you still take the inhaler. The
Tamara Von mauw: albatross, I take the all beautiful and I take for Reba.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how much for EVA. Do you take
Tamara Von mauw: Once a day.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let's see what that does is. Oh, OK. So it's spree that 1.25 micrograms once daily. And then what about this air do. Is that an old one flood zone respite click
Tamara Von mauw: Is that those are those are old ones. It's like the only thing I take is the
Tamara Von mauw: Beautiful and the SERPs for Reba.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, how about pilot SEC for your stomach.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. Okay. Is that still 40 milligrams camera or 20 year
Tamara Von mauw: It's 40
Dr Katrina Groves: Once a day.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, it wasn't working. It wasn't keeping the stomach problems away so he upped it and now I'm fine.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. And what about the
Dr Katrina Groves: Seroquel you still take that
Tamara Von mauw: Yes, I take two a night before bed.
Dr Katrina Groves: And those are 50 milligrams
Tamara Von mauw: Yes, I'm allowed to take up to four, but that's to me.
Tamara Von mauw: So you only need a couple
Dr Katrina Groves: On nights, though, that when you have that bad anxiety that you just described to me and you're feeling horrible take an extra half or an extra one that's, that's when you want to use that
Tamara Von mauw: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: That will help sleep. So what about promethazine. Do you still use that for nausea or anxiety.
Tamara Von mauw: Do I use it for nausea.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how often are you taking that
Tamara Von mauw: I'm probably at least four times a week. It's like I'm still figuring out what foods, I can eat that aren't going to mess my stomach up
Dr Katrina Groves: Right, like
Tamara Von mauw: Their day. I thought I could eat a hamburger. And unfortunately, it made me sicker than a dog.
Tamara Von mauw: So I'm finding out that fried foods, not too good for the tummy.
Dr Katrina Groves: No, and the promethazine is 25 milligrams
Tamara Von mauw: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you take it once or twice.
Dr Katrina Groves: At one time.
Tamara Von mauw: One time, one at a time. Yeah. I never take more than one
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, I'm just getting through your med list here. What else we got looks like you had something for your colonoscopy or you had some kind of constipation problem.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, it's not it's not constipation. I can go but my stool is really hard and like little golf balls.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh dear. So have you ever taken just a stool softener like cold.
Tamara Von mauw: I can I take the mirror, relax.
Tamara Von mauw: When I need it.
Dr Katrina Groves: What about a stool softener. So me relax is a laxative, it kind of pushes your stool through but colleagues is a softener so that it kind of makes it easier. It doesn't just come out like so harshly. So sometimes we all
Tamara Von mauw: Face so I can
Tamara Von mauw: Take those
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I would add color to because otherwise, if you've got really rock hard poop. And if you're forcing it through your bowels, you're going to rip something so
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if it isn't already
Tamara Von mauw: haven't gotten any blood yet. So we're okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. Do you want a prescription for the stool softener. You said you had it.
Tamara Von mauw: I have some I have some in medicine cabinet.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Just take it like every day, every day because every time you take us up solve. It's going to slow down your gut. That's just how it works. OK, so now we got that out of the way. Um, let me go into your family history a little bit your father and mother still living.
Tamara Von mauw: No, my father died when I was 18 my mother died when I was 30
Dr Katrina Groves: And what did your dad died of
Tuberculosis.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow, and your mom.
Tamara Von mauw: sand blaster in the shipyards.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And once the past from
Tamara Von mauw: My cardio lung function.
Tamara Von mauw: Okay, I would add heart. She had heart disease.
Tamara Von mauw: She had already had three open heart surgeries. They wanted her to have another one. And she just couldn't do it anymore. She was old and she just said on done and she just went in their sleep.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, that's a blessing.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, that's what I was happy about.
Dr Katrina Groves: So did she have diabetes as well.
Tamara Von mauw: Good.
Tamara Von mauw: High blood pressure, high blood pressure,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any strokes that she had no
Tamara Von mauw: She had a couple of the small strokes with the CIA's
Dr Katrina Groves: Mm hmm.
Tamara Von mauw: She had a couple of those, but that went to the hospital took care of it. And they said she was fine, but that she that's when we found out she needed that fourth bypass surgery and she said no.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay and so
Tamara Von mauw: All timers.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is Dr. Pearson following your blood pressure and diabetes and stuff.
Tamara Von mauw: Yes, I have him take blood and then do a blood count every six months.
Dr Katrina Groves: And your blood pressure's good
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, real good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Great. So hopefully you didn't get her jeans, you got, oh I
Tamara Von mauw: Didn't because I had they did a sonogram on my heart last month and Dr. Pearson said my heart looks fabulous. It's strong as can be.
Tamara Von mauw: Yay. That's what I said, Yeah, you know, because my grandmother and my mother both died from heart problems. So I figured I was going to get it too, but I guess not. Because I'm 59 and I've got a healthy heart.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. And that's your mom's grandma that also had heart.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Um, any siblings.
Tamara Von mauw: I have five sisters and two brothers.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what health, are they in
Tamara Von mauw: So let's see. One of them is dead from cervical cancer. One of my sisters. The other ones they I don't really see them very often. I'm kind of the black sheep of the family. So I'm not. I haven't seen any of my relatives in hell. I haven't even seen my own daughter in nine years so
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow.
Tamara Von mauw: Well, she's we got that she did call me on my birthday last year at for the first time in nine years. She called
Tamara Von mauw: Wow, I was so happy. It's like, remember I was telling you. She was all just acted like I didn't even exist.
Tamara Von mauw: And lasted for nine years, but she finally gave in and she called and she called me this birthday too.
Tamara Von mauw: So that makes me happy.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know those are baby steps kids kids have a lot of, as you know, fear and resentment and all that. And, but when you get older, you realize, Hey, that's my only mom.
Dr Katrina Groves: And
Dr Katrina Groves: I want to get to know her. Maybe. So she's
Dr Katrina Groves: That's great that she's reaching out to you a bit
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah. We talked on the phone for over two hours. The other about a week and a half ago, two weeks ago. So we had a nice long talk and everything was great.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, hopefully, she'll start calling more often than just your birthday.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, that's what I was thinking too, but at least I got the scene. My grandma. I got to talk to my granddaughter's
Tamara Von mauw: I've never talked to. And so I got to talk to them and
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, I have another. My son has a little girl and her birthday is coming up next month or no in June. So we got a lot of little grandkids running around. We're going to birthday. I'm all out.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm happy for you Tamra you deserve that.
Tamara Von mauw: Well, thank you.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. And I know your son passed, gosh, how long has it been now.
Tamara Von mauw: In about 10 years
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And I know that November's always hard for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, and is there another time of the year that's hard for you.
Tamara Von mauw: Know not really that one, the one that gets me the most. It's like when I know it's coming. And it's close. That's when I started getting down and
Tamara Von mauw: I spend a lot of time talking to him just in my head.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. And is that the time of year. I mean, sometimes we even put you on antidepressants right before like a month or two before that has that ever helped or
Dr Katrina Groves: No, not
Tamara Von mauw: The closet is the one medication that I've been taking for years. Yeah. And because of being so high strung when I was a kid, I was even taking them then
Tamara Von mauw: Right. It was valued at the time that when I was a kid, it was value and they gave you. So I was on that until I was in my teens.
Tamara Von mauw: Wow, has been well. My mother was 47 years old when she had me so I end with all her health problems. It was hard to keep up with the hyperactive high strung little girl.
Tamara Von mauw: So,
Tamara Von mauw: A lot of things to keep me calm.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you ever get diagnosed with recently with wasn't bipolar or add when you saw the psychiatrist.
Tamara Von mauw: five or older. And she said, I'm a da da. Add a
Dr Katrina Groves: HD. Yeah.
Tamara Von mauw: That one yeah ADHD.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so did you just decide you didn't want to be on medication for that.
Tamara Von mauw: Or she's she prescribed some Depakote. And I tried it and it didn't make me feel any different in any way, shape, or form and you know me. If the billing going to do what it's supposed to. Then I'm not taking it, so I don't get
Dr Katrina Groves: Although, did you get high enough, a dose.
Tamara Von mauw: She said that it's 500 milligrams
Dr Katrina Groves: Usually people go up 500 1000 up to 2000 so I just don't know if you quit too soon.
Tamara Von mauw: So you want me to keep trying.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I mean if you if you're bothered by it. What do you
Dr Katrina Groves: What do you knighted
Tamara Von mauw: Don't like I'm just so tired of pills, you know,
Tamara Von mauw: It's like
Tamara Von mauw: It's like every time I go to the doctor. It's another pill or I go to
Tamara Von mauw: A psychiatrist. It's another bill.
Tamara Von mauw: And I'm trying to get off the pills, boy.
Tamara Von mauw: And everybody just keeps giving them to me.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I know that, you know, yeah, you're a little bit hyper and all that but you kind of that's you.
Dr Katrina Groves: So yeah, unless unless you feel like this is really obstructing your life or really causing problems with your personal life, or really like a horrible drain on you, you know, maybe we just say that's where you are and don't worry about it.
Tamara Von mauw: Let's do that okay cuz that's the way I've been my whole life. And I doubt if I'm going to change. I'm already almost 60 and I change it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that's right as long as you stay off the drugs. I'm think I'm pretty happy with that.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, on doing that. That's no problem. I still haven't had a relapse. Not once.
Dr Katrina Groves: How long has it been
Dr Katrina Groves: Six years, six years Tamra
Dr Katrina Groves: Yep. Congratulations, you
Tamara Von mauw: Know, I've only got one hand
Tamara Von mauw: There's a half a heart.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, that's awesome. So are you still smoking cigarettes.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, a couple of day.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. You ever thought about just like getting rid of those
Tamara Von mauw: I'm wearing patches and I'm I just basically and just have a couple of day and then that's it. It's like a but I am wearing the patches. Every day I change it every morning and I'm doing much better.
Dr Katrina Groves: Excellent. That'll be really good, especially for this virus and people that smoke and get the coven they're not going to do well. So
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, exactly. I've been staying when I do go out, it's only just for to pick up food or to pick up medications.
Tamara Von mauw: And I'm
Tamara Von mauw: I've been going through the drive through and I've been wearing a mask. I have a bunch of surgical masks and gloves from my last job, I had years ago.
Tamara Von mauw: Good. And so I'm wearing protection and I'm making sure that I take sanitizer with me. So anything I'm touching or anything. I'm bringing home or cleaning and taking care of
Dr Katrina Groves: You sound like you're doing well.
Dr Katrina Groves: So Job wise, you're no longer working with a client anymore.
Tamara Von mauw: Whoa, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did that one past two or
S.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hard. So do you miss that are right now it's
Dr Katrina Groves: Good, not to have a client now.
Tamara Von mauw: It's right now I'm I don't need a client i'm i'm having enough at home to take care of with six cats, a dog and a disabled boyfriend.
Dr Katrina Groves: There you go. What is his disability.
Tamara Von mauw: He has got a degenerative bone disease in his spine.
Tamara Von mauw: Unfortunately, he has that really bad arthritis and he has scoliosis. Pretty much anything that can go wrong with your body and your back. He's got it.
Tamara Von mauw: He's so much
Tamara Von mauw: Hardware right now he's kept path robot.
Dr Katrina Groves: Willie's lucky to have you.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, I'm lucky to have him. He's the one that got me off of the drugs and the meth. He's the one that got me off of it and got me away from it.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know that you're in a private place now so you can probably talk, but I know there were times where he hasn't always been
That
Dr Katrina Groves: You know you haven't gotten along 100% of the time.
Tamara Von mauw: Well, I don't think everybody gets along. I mean, we've been together for 31 years. It's like everybody's gonna have their fights and their little downfalls but
Tamara Von mauw: I mean, I can't even remember the last time we had an argument or we were you know fighting about anything.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. You guys are a good couple
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, we are. I love him to death.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, um,
Tamara Von mauw: Hmm, I'm lucky I got a guy that actually cares about me and
Tamara Von mauw: Loves me as much as I do him any
Tamara Von mauw: He's there for me when I need him.
Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: And allergies wise I know I'm bouncing back and forth here but
Dr Katrina Groves: You're allergic.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're allergic to eggs right so you don't do them.
Tamara Von mauw: Though I'm not allergic to eggs. I took a test in it's not allergic.
Tamara Von mauw: Basically, it was just making my stomach gassy eggs were making me sick to my stomach.
Tamara Von mauw: And making me throw up and have diarrhea. So I found out it wasn't because I was allergic. It was just because the eggs were making me guess.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so
Dr Katrina Groves: Then you can do the flu shot.
Tamara Von mauw: I already had my flu shot this year.
Tamara Von mauw: Okay, I got it.
Tamara Von mauw: Let's see who Daria gave it to me. I'm not mistaken, probably about four or five months ago.
Tamara Von mauw: Or in October. It was in October. So however many months that it's been
Dr Katrina Groves: And you got hives on some other things like you wouldn't take any more like Demerol or
Tamara Von mauw: Demerol
Tamara Von mauw: darvocet Arthur bomb on
Tamara Von mauw: All three of the DS I'm allergic to. They make me break out in hives bad
Tamara Von mauw: All right, and penicillin. All that does those make my face swell up
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, we don't want to chance it
Tamara Von mauw: No, I usually they usually give me at the myosin when it comes down to biotics.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And speaking of that, I'm going to go through some systems here. Have you had any recent Fevers or chills.
No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Night sweats, or fatigue.
Tamara Von mauw: I get night sweats and I have been getting a little bit fatigued, but not not really bad. I mean, it's not nothing. I can't handle, it's just
Tamara Von mauw: Doing a lot running around, you know, and with the COPD, I lose my breath that I get shorter breath quite easily. Now, so
Tamara Von mauw: Okay, I, I try to do things is, you know, get them done. But I do one thing at a time. And I just do a little bit that way I don't run out of breath and have to go use my computer all
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And have you had any weight loss, more than usual.
Dr Katrina Groves: Route and
Tamara Von mauw: I'm standing, even at 140
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and what about breathing. I'm coughing, wheezing short of breath, like I
Tamara Von mauw: I wheeze at night when I'm sleeping. But that's from the COPD and basically I just get up and I take a shot of my album. After all, and it goes away. But I also try to sleep in and sitting up position as much as I can.
Dr Katrina Groves: So if you're using that I'll beat her all pretty much every day. It sounds like is that right
Tamara Von mauw: Yep, yep.
Dr Katrina Groves: You may want to talk to Dr. Peter Pearson because
Dr Katrina Groves: He might want to up your servant or add a different like inhaler. Because if your COPD is under good control, you would only need that I'll beat around like once a week. So I think you're not really under the best control. You could be. I hate it. That
Dr Katrina Groves: You're waking up in the middle of the night.
Tamara Von mauw: Not working.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, I get just getting up to go to the bathroom and then go back to bed and but what by the time I'm under the covers my i'm sure to breath. So I turn over, I take a shot of the bell. Beautiful.
Tamara Von mauw: And wait for a couple of minutes and then it goes away and I go to sleep.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, but um yeah asked me about a longer acting medicine for your breathing.
Tamara Von mauw: OK, I will
Dr Katrina Groves: Know, chest pain or pressure Tamra
Tamara Von mauw: L heart.
Dr Katrina Groves: Palpitations like beating really fast.
Dr Katrina Groves: Swelling in your legs.
Tamara Von mauw: Nope.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any abdominal problems Suboxone like we said causes constipation. So I know you've got that.
Tamara Von mauw: That's about it. It's like the other than that, I don't have any symptoms from it or side effects.
Dr Katrina Groves: No, no, you don't have any nausea, vomiting, or abdominal pain.
Tamara Von mauw: Now that, well, I get that from my colitis, but
Tamara Von mauw: That's why I take the to
Tamara Von mauw: Belly pill. THAT'S WHAT I CALL THEM BELLY bills. But once I take those I take them. First thing in the morning and I can pretty much get through the day with just those and I'm fine.
Tamara Von mauw: Unless I do something stupid like eat something spicy.
Dr Katrina Groves: What were the belly pills again.
Tamara Von mauw: I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: Shoot. What, oh, look here.
Dr Katrina Groves: We don't have them on your list.
Tamara Von mauw: Hold on a minute.
Tamara Von mauw: All right. Going bedroom and get my box.
Tamara Von mauw: Okay, one called I can't pronounce it. It's om e p RA ze L.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, that's that I'm it resolved that pilot sec okay that's more for your upper stomach.
Tamara Von mauw: Okay, and then I take my promethazine
Tamara Von mauw: Okay, and
Tamara Von mauw: That's it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Thank you.
Tamara Von mauw: No problem.
Dr Katrina Groves: And do you have any type of neurological issues like a seizures or vertigo or tremor.
Tamara Von mauw: Um, no. Not that I've noticed
Dr Katrina Groves: Headaches
Tamara Von mauw: I get those once in a while. If I drink if I smoke. Right. And that really
Dr Katrina Groves: Is so you're, you're still some years you're still smoking marijuana, then
Tamara Von mauw: Oh, yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Like daily daily. How much do
Tamara Von mauw: I smoke, maybe twice a day.
Tamara Von mauw: Once in the morning. Once at night before bed.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Tamara Von mauw: And I just take a couple of hits off of a joint and I'm fine.
Dr Katrina Groves: And do you feel like you're doing that for your anxiety for your insomnia for your depression.
Tamara Von mauw: Basically it's because I've been doing it since I was 13 or so.
Dr Katrina Groves: But you're you're dependent on it. Yeah.
Tamara Von mauw: Pretty much. And it does help me relax and sometimes when my stomach's going really bad. It'll help relax my stomach.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, that's true. It does help with dogs. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and actually it's legal in Oregon. I don't know about California
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, it's legal here now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And that might help you gain some weight I worried about you at sometimes you were down to like what 120 pounds.
Yeah.
Tamara Von mauw: It's been, it's been a while since I've been down that low. It's the last year, I've been up in the 40 at the highest was 44 144
Tamara Von mauw: I just went to the I was down in town with Tony getting hooked up on this thing.
Tamara Von mauw: And I went in and what were we talking about I just totally that boy.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know I do that to the marijuana
Tamara Von mauw: Ah, there we go. And what was I saying that
Dr Katrina Groves: Um, let's see, you were feeling
Dr Katrina Groves: That helps the nausea and
Dr Katrina Groves: It helps relax you what we saying about it. Well,
Tamara Von mauw: That's about it. It's like it does those two things.
Dr Katrina Groves: So when you do when you do go to see Tony is it. Are you seeing her regularly still or you
Tamara Von mauw: Know, I just, she told me she told me to make an appointment with her.
Tamara Von mauw: Right heart, things started because I you know me, I don't know, computers, and I don't know phones.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're doing awesome by the way.
Tamara Von mauw: Thank you, but it's not me. It was Steve, you did it.
Tamara Von mauw: Good. I just went here, make it work.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I have to group times right now. I'm probably going to increase them. But do you want to come on a Thursday morning at 10 O'clock ish or do you want to do if Monday night at 545 let's
Tamara Von mauw: Do the Thursday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what
Tamara Von mauw: Was that again 1030
Dr Katrina Groves: It's at 10 o'clock. But with all the internet issues they have. I love it if you could show up a half hour early like kind of like you did today.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, because you never know if there's a glitch. Right.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, especially with this phone and is like Steve look to see where all the towers were that internet towers that are around us. Yeah. And we're surrounded by them, but guess where we are right at the very outside of
Dr Katrina Groves: Figure out
Tamara Von mauw: Why we get
Tamara Von mauw: Hit sometimes the computer or the phone works and sometimes it don't
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, well, if we ever get disconnected. You just call back and we'll make it work.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so when
Dr Katrina Groves: When do you need
Tamara Von mauw: To have the the meat, the group thing that's on the phone like this, too. Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. It'll be me and you and they'll be a bunch of other pictures of people that you know from group like
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't know, you know, from group your W. All the girls and guys that you used to see
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. That's all right. Now that's pretty much what I'm trying to just take is our group, and maybe I'll add a few new people, as we go. But I, my goal is to get everybody from group on first, because you guys need a doc.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah prescribed so
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't know, it's
Dr Katrina Groves: It's fine. We have a good therapist. Her name is Rebecca. She's awesome. I really like her.
Tamara Von mauw: Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: So when do you need your next prescription, are you
Tamara Von mauw: I just got the one field on the nine
Tamara Von mauw: And so I'll be okay until the ninth of next month.
Tamara Von mauw: Or the eighth. I'm sorry, I missed spoke
Dr Katrina Groves: It was, do you wanna do you want to check and make sure on your box.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or your producer.
Tamara Von mauw: Oh, I'm sure on Polycom
Dr Katrina Groves: So because I'm
Tamara Von mauw: Doria had called them in and they didn't fill them.
Tamara Von mauw: And so I had to get a hold of Mike at Walmart and have him do it. And he called you and you okayed it. So he took care of everything and I was able to pick them up on the
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so when I look at my calendar. The eighth next month would be on a Friday. So I'm going to give, I just want to try to make our, our, our meetings about the time when you need a refill.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so that will be actually one to the Thursday the 30th of April and you'll be like a few days early, but I'd rather you be a week early than a week late
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, hold on. I gotta get a
Tamara Von mauw: Piece of paper and a pencil right that
Tamara Von mauw: I will forget
Tamara Von mauw: I'll forget before I even get off the phone you
Dr Katrina Groves: May.
Tamara Von mauw: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: April 30 30th, because normally we walk
Dr Katrina Groves: And 30th at 10 o'clock. Yes.
Tamara Von mauw: Okay, Kim.
Dr Katrina Groves: Tamra but but put down
Dr Katrina Groves: 930 check in.
Tamara Von mauw: 930
Dr Katrina Groves: Because what they'll do every check in, they're going to have you do a little talk, they're going to ask you, you know, how's your cravings. Have you used you know all that like seven questions and that takes about 10 minutes for each person so
Tamara Von mauw: You can imagine. Okay, no problem.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah. Imagine, did you hear that
Tamara Von mauw: This zoom thing that this zoom application. It was on the news. Two days ago saying that the security on it isn't very well. Very good.
Dr Katrina Groves: I heard somebody comment.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I heard something about that. But with bright heart health. It's different. It's a more restricted see bright heart is a medical company.
Dr Katrina Groves: So they've got more HIPAA regulations and it's a tighter.
Dr Katrina Groves: Security. So for us, but I mean, really, who cares i mean
Dr Katrina Groves: Right now, just you and I are here when there's five or six people its people with addictions trying to be in in recovery and you guys need support right now. We all need to support each other.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, I think some of those things are going to happen. But I think the the benefit of these groups is so outweighs the risk of any kind of issue. Okay, so
Tamara Von mauw: Alrighty then.
Tamara Von mauw: all all all not worried about that. Then
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, unless you're trying to rob a bank, you know. Just don't tell us about it on TV and you'll go
Tamara Von mauw: I think I can do that.
Dr Katrina Groves: And thank you again. All right. What other questions and housekeeping stuff.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh what pharmacy, do you usually go to
Tamara Von mauw: Um, for my absolve I go to Walmart.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or x of Walmart and are you going to want me to do to a day still or try to
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And make it last.
Tamara Von mauw: Today to a day. That way if I if I need it. I've got it. If I don't, I don't
Dr Katrina Groves: And you can go to Pearson and take your bottle or they're probably doing zoom things too, but
Tamara Von mauw: They are, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You can show them count out how many look how many I have left. I don't even need it yet but but I'm going to prescribe the still the sub solve for you. Okay, that's good. And
Dr Katrina Groves: What else. Oh, they're going to ask you to do blood work. So I don't know if they've had you do that yet.
Tamara Von mauw: Know, last time I had blood work was a few months ago.
Dr Katrina Groves: Was it through bright heart or Dr. Pearson
Tamara Von mauw: Dr. Pearson
Dr Katrina Groves: So I have to ask you to write one more thing down on your paper there.
Tamara Von mauw: Okay, hold on. I gotta go back in the business.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't know why you
Tamara Von mauw: Are here with me. I'm an idiot.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now I just asking you, too many things.
Tamara Von mauw: Now we've got it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Will just leave it out here, what
Dr Katrina Groves: You've got your April 30 at 930 ish and then add down asked Daria or Tony or whoever to fax the lab work you have done to bright heart so they can see it.
Dr Katrina Groves: They may ask you to do more, because they they want all their new people to have an HIV test and Pepsi test and you know, things like that. So there might be more blood. They need because Pearson might have only done like a liver and kidney thing.
Tamara Von mauw: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: But at least
Dr Katrina Groves: At least they'll know like that part. They don't have to repeat
Tamara Von mauw: Well, when next time I see him. I'll go ahead and have him. Well, I better do it soon as the net since they need you guys need it, huh.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you can just call Tony next week or
Tamara Von mauw: Next week and make an appointment to go down and get some blood drawn
Dr Katrina Groves: And actually make sure that them wait for bright heart, though. Wait, bright heart is going to tell you when you need to go in, so you
Tamara Von mauw: Don't know. And until then.
Dr Katrina Groves: All I want is for them to send your old labs to bright heart in advance so that they won't duplicate up on the ones you already had.
Dr Katrina Groves: That makes sense.
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah, so wait for them and then make the point
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. And have they sent you a peek up in the mail yet.
Tamara Von mauw: No, they will I Astoria. She wanted one the other day when I was our last week when I was down there. I had to go potty before I left, and I asked her if she wanted when she said, now you're always playing
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Does not feel good.
Tamara Von mauw: Yes, it does.
Dr Katrina Groves: They're trying to save
Dr Katrina Groves: You should be so bright heart will be sending you one in the mail. It'll be like a urine cup in plastic. They're going to send you one to your house.
Dr Katrina Groves: If you haven't gotten one in a week or so you might want to call them and just the same number. You called today.
Dr Katrina Groves: And say, hey, I need my urine cup, when you get it. Don't open it and do it. Just wait call them and say, What do I do, and they'll walk you through it.
Tamara Von mauw: OK, no problem.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I know it's hard on all of those of us who are almost 60 are having a hard time with new stuff like this include
Tamara Von mauw: It's like, Yeah, you know me, I don't know, compute, you know, when I know how to do on this phone. I know how to make a phone call and I know how to answer a phone call. I don't know how to text. I don't know how to email, I wouldn't even know where to begin.
Dr Katrina Groves: But you know what you are learning and I wanted to tell you to that Tony is also doing some of these things. If you want some practice.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Tamara Von mauw: He started if I needed or I could go down anytime and she helped me out and
Dr Katrina Groves: And you don't even have to go down, you can actually
Dr Katrina Groves: Get your husband to help you. And you can do the phone, things like this with Tony because she's doing them on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, I think.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, over the phone, which is kind of nice. So that's another thing on your list. I'm just loving you
Tamara Von mauw: Wednesdays home.
Dr Katrina Groves: I think it's Wednesday's might be Tuesdays. You better check with her.
Tamara Von mauw: Okay, well, I put Tuesdays and Wednesdays. So I'll check with her and see which one
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, my dear. Do you have any questions for me. I've been
Tamara Von mauw: Talking. Oh.
Tamara Von mauw: How's your father.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, the scary thing is is he's right in Southern California right now. He got stuck at my sister's when all this shelter in place happened.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: But he needs to get back up here because my sister's
Dr Katrina Groves: My
Tamara Von mauw: I mean I I usually use my arm as an example. It's like my arm is missing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Tamara Von mauw: Is it's
Tamara Von mauw: You know, not I used to not bother be bothered by being alone. It never bought
Tamara Von mauw: Yeah. Oh, that I've been with him for so many years. It's like when he's not here. It's like, man, it's not good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Will you stay safe and healthy and I
Dr Katrina Groves: I pray for you to do well and craziness.
Tamara Von mauw: And I hope you do too. I'll pray for you to
Tamara Von mauw: Alrighty, so have a good
Tamara Von mauw: Day.
Dr Katrina Groves: And see a shoe see in a couple weeks. Dear
Tamara Von mauw: Okay. Love you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Love you too. Bye bye.
Bye.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, she figured out how to turn off your phone. Okay. She's a sweetheart.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, ma'am. Oh, she
Dr Katrina Groves: Has a lot of diagnoses. That's a good thing. I'm not managing her primary care stuff. So on Tamar Yvonne mount
Dr Katrina Groves: Up your dependence in remission long term six years was severe
Dr Katrina Groves: She also has some medication induced constipation.
Dr Katrina Groves: She's going to add colleagues over the counter. She has that at home, she has GERD, and what she calls colitis and nausea, for which she's taking the
Dr Katrina Groves: promethazine
Dr Katrina Groves: And the process and that keeps her stable.
Dr Katrina Groves: She has
Dr Katrina Groves: Apparently bipolar and ADHD, which was prescribed by a psychiatrist or sorry diagnosed by psychiatrists currently prefers not to take any medication.
Dr Katrina Groves: She has nicotine.
Dr Katrina Groves: Dependence
Dr Katrina Groves: Moderate with cigarettes trying to quit.
Dr Katrina Groves: And she has
Dr Katrina Groves: What
Dr Katrina Groves: Marijuana dependence.
Dr Katrina Groves: That she's using for medicinal purposes. Basically nausea GI stuff.
Dr Katrina Groves: I would say that, wouldn't. It's not. It's cannabis use for a medical reason
Dr Katrina Groves: The bipolar type is type to
Dr Katrina Groves: The ADHD is inattentive and hyperactive combined
Dr Katrina Groves: The bipolar is in partial remission, the ADHD also in partial or mission that's for the billing people here.
Dr Katrina Groves: The death of her son from suicide, by the way.
Dr Katrina Groves: Was really hard on her, obviously, and that she will go into us more severe depression.
Dr Katrina Groves: every month or every year in October, November, right around her son's suicide.
Dr Katrina Groves: Anniversary. So we keep an eye on that. She also has passed alcohol abuse in remission, or I should say.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alcohol dependence, which was severe and intermission, having gone through detox.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: I think that's it. Thank you for the weekend talk, I'll see you next time.